#summary Listed by release number, what has changed.
#labels Featured

= Change List =

== 2.0.2 ==

  * Fixed bug that sometimes caused an example of division in the source code to be interpretted as a regex by the JsDoc Toolkit analyzer. ( issue #158 )
  * Fixed a bug that prevented private variables marked as @public from appearing in the documentation. ( issue #161 )
  * Fixed bug that prevented variable names with underscored properties from appearing in summaries. ( issue #173 )

=== 2.0.1 ===

  * Fixed bug that prevented @fileOverview tag from being recognized.
  * Added support for @fieldOf as a synonym for @field plus @memberOf.
  * Added support for @name tag in a @fileOverview comment to control the displayed name of the file.
  * Added support for multiple @example tags. (issue #152)
  * Modified style sheet of jsdoc template to make more readable. (issue #151)
  * Fixed bug that prevented @since documentation from displaying correctly when it appeared in a class. (issue #150)
  * Fixed bug that caused inhertited properties to sometimes not resolve correctly. (issue #144)
  * Modified so that trailing whitespace in @example is always trimmed. (issue #153)
  * Added support for elseif to JsPlate. (hat tip to fredck)
  * Added support for @location urls in the @overview comment to the jsdoc template.

== Changes From Versions 1.4.0 to 2.0.0 ==

This is a list of changes you should be aware of when switching from versions 1 to 2.

=== New Features ===

Version 2 has several new features that make it more powerful than Version 1.

  * Upgraded included version of Rhino from 1.6 to 1.7R1.
  * Added ability to redefine parsing behavior with plugins.
  * Added @default to document default values of members that are objects.
  * Added ability to parse and refer to inner functions.
  * Added ability to automatically create links to other symbols.
  * New "jsdoc" template now produces fully W3C valid XHTML.
  * Inline parameter type hint comments are now documented.
  * It is now possible to run !JsDoc Toolkit from any directory.
  * Added support for inline {@link ...} tags.
  * Added support for the @constructs tag, used inside a @lends block.
  * Added support for the @constant tag.
  * Added support for the @field tag.
  * Added support for the @public tag (applied to inner functions).
  * Added support for the -s command line option to suppress source code output.
  * Added support for the -n command line option to suppress all source code parsing.
  * Added support for the nocode meta tag.
   
=== Improvements ===

Many long-standing issues have been improved in Version 2.

  * Removed circular references in parsed documentation objects.
  * Improved inheritance handling, now properties and events can be inherited same as methods.
  * Improved handling of cross-file relationships, now having two related objects in separate files is not a problem.
  * Improved ability to recognize membership of previously defined objects.
  * Fixed bug that appeared when calling a method to set properties of the instance referred to by "this".
  * Fixed error: Locally scoped variables (declared with var) no longer appear as global.
  * Multiple @lend tags now supported.
  * Fixed bug that prevented the use of [] as a default value.
  * @namespace tag can now be applied to functions, not just object literals.
  * Improved support for anonymous constructors.
  * Added new unit test framework.

=== API Changes ===

Not everything in Version 1 is forward compatible with version 2.

  * @inherits - Is now a synonym for @borrows. It requires a new syntax: `@borrows ... as ...`
  * @methodOf is a synonym for @function plus @memberOf.
  * Tag names @inherits and @scope changed to @borrows plus @lends.
  * Underscored symbols are now treated as if they have a @private tag by default.

----

=== 1.4.0 ===
  * Improved error reporting for !JsDoc Templates.
  * Removed non-functioning !JsPlate attribute "sortby" from the `for` tag.
  * Added ability of @namespace to be recognized on members that are not defined inline -- issue #68.
  * Added ability to detect when source filenames passed in from the command line don't exist. Now warns and skips file, previously tried to parse and crashed.
  * Improved sweet and sunny templates: now has more flexible and improved linking back to local documentation files whenever an object "type" is displayed.

=== 1.4.0 beta ===
  * Added "namespace" section to sweet template, to represent static classes.
  * Fixed bug that prevented inline functions that are evaluated and assigned to properties from being recognized as objects, not functions.
  * Modified @constructor description so that it is now possible to leave it empty even while you have a @class description (before an empty @constructor description was set to the @class description resulting in the appearance of a double description when you wanted the former to be empty) -- issue #54.
  * Added the @since tag to sweet (patch submitted by herzaso) -- issue #49.
  * Fixed bug that appeared when using sunny with classes that have more than one member sharing the same name (solution submitted by peter.payerl) .
  * Added support for "meta doclets" that can affect other doclets, specifically a "shared doclet" implementation -- issue #58.
  * Added -e or -encoding command line option for displaying arbitrary character sets in templates (patch submitted by Xu Huisheng) -- issue #59.
  * Fixed bug that appeared when @extends was used to create a circular reference, whenever a symbol tried to extend itself, even indirectly -- issue #60.
  * Modified behavior of missing -t option. Now warns on an empty -t option but for an altogether missing -t a warning is printed and the output is dumped to stdout without any formatting.
  * Added print out of the number of warnings as the last line of output to stdout, if more than zero -- issue #50.
  * Added -v option to indicate verbose output (includes inform message), which defaults to false (only warnings).
  * Added @namespace as synonym for @static @class -- issue #56.
  * Added ability to have the @param {type} come after the @param name (patch submitted by  bfattori)-- issue #61.
  * Fixed bug that appeared when using the -D option on the command line in conjunction with a D option in a configuration file. Configuration file D options now combine with commandline D options -- issue #62.
  * Added support for the @deprecated tag (patch submitted by bfattori) -- issue #63.

=== 1.3.3 ===
  * Fixed bug that prevented object summaries in the Sunny template from being limited to the first sentence -- issue #47, issue #51.

=== 1.3.2 ===
  * Added support for the @event tag, including modifications to the Sunny template (patch submitted by dandfra) -- issue #23.

=== 1.3.1 ===
  * Changed so that in cases where a doclet has no description the first class description found will be used instead. This will allow doclets written for Sunny to work equally for Sweet.
  * Changed "htm" template to use the ".html" file extension and renamed to "Sweet."
  * Added -c option to allow for configuration file to be included, added sample configuration file -- issue #30.
  * Removed "No overview provided" message -- issue #31.
  * Added support for methods defined within constructors, (patch submitted by bfattori) -- issue #34.
  * Changed sunny template so only first sentence of descriptions are shown in summary section (patch submitted by bfattori) -- issue #38.
  * Added support for multiple global variables to be defined on the command line like: `-D="myVar:Some value"` (patch submitted by vinces1979) -- issue #43.
  * Added check so that missing -t template directory now displays message saying so (patch submitted by vinces1979) -- issue #24.

=== 1.3.0 ===
  * Added !JsDoc version number to templates.
  * Upgraded xml template to work with new filegroup object.

=== 1.3b ===
  * Improved @extends to work across file boundaries, and to support multiple levels of inheritance.
  * Added @augments tag (synonym for @extends) to document a class/subclass relationship.
  * Changed @inherits to mean a single property or method being pulled into a separate object.
  * Changed htm template to show inherited methods.
  * Added -o option to redirect processing messages into a log file.
  * Added support for multiple doclets describing the same constructor function in the sunny template (this was already supported in the htm template).
  * Fixed bug that caused more than one config tag to appear attached to "config" instead of the most recent parameter. -- issue #28.

=== 1.2.1 ===
  * Added sunny template for javadoc style output.
  * Added support for @class tag.
  * Fixed bug that affected user-defined toString methods applied to a prototype - issue #27.
  * Fixed bug that prevented view-source files from being generated when using full paths to source files - issue #26.
  * Added line numbers to view-source output.
  * Added support for the @config tag, to document properties of parameters - issue #25.

=== 1.1.2 ===
  * Added patch by tj.rothwell to allow running !JsDoc Toolkit from any directory - issue #19.
  * Added library to do syntax hiliting, modified the `htm` template to create "view source code" links to hilited code - issue #20.
  * Fixed bug that affected constructor functions attached to a prototype, vs a method function attached to a prototype: in each case "this" means something different - issue #21.
  * Fixed bug that affected assigning the result of of an anonymous function call to a prototype.
  * Added to the htm template to show when a parameter is optional. Optional parameters should be square-bracketed in the doc comment.

=== 1.1.1 ===
  * Fixed bug that caused an uncaught exception when a symbol extends/inherits a missing parent symbol - issue #17.
  * Added support for @static tag, for use with the @class tag to prevent it being treated as a a constructor - issue #18.

=== 1.1.0 ===
  * Fixed bug that appeared when using @scope tag on a prototype - issue #11.
  * Added ability to display items tagged with @property on objects - issue #12.
  * Added @returns as a synonym for @return - issue #14.
  * Added support for @class and @classDescription tag, appended onto symbol description - issue #13.
  * Added @argument as a synonym for @param.
  * Fixed bug that caused an uncaught exception when a prototype assignment was commented - issue #16.
  * Added support for @inherits tag which adds to the symbol.inheritedMethods array - issue #10.
  * Added @extends as a synonym for @inherits - issue #15.

=== 1.0.3 ===
  * Added support for -p command line option to cause symbols marked with @private to appear in output - issue #9.
  * Added support for @example tags in doc comments, which will now be displayed in the htm output.
  * Fixed problem that caused the loading of library files to fail on linux using Java 1.4. The implemented solution requires that the tool be run with the working directory set to the jsdoc-toolkit folder.

=== 1.0.2 ===
  * Fixed bug that appeared when using the -r option to recursively scan subdirectories - issue #7.
  * Added support for -x command line option, to cause source file with extensions other than the default .js to be scanned - issue #1.

=== 1.0.1 ===
  * Fixed bug that appeared when regex was very first symbol in source - issue #3.

=== 1.0.0 ===
  * Initial release
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 