#summary A list of changes for Version 2

= Change List for Version 2 =

== 2.0.1 (not yet released) ==

  * Fixed bug that prevented @fileOverview tag from being recognized.
  * Added support for @fieldOf as a synonym for @field plus @memberOf.
  * Added support for @name tag in a @fileOverview comment to control the displayed name of the file.
  * Added support for multiple @example tags. (issue #152)
  * Modified style sheet of jsdoc template to make more readable. (issue #151)
  * Fixed bug that prevented @since documentation from displaying correctly when it appeared in a class. (issue #150)
  * Fixed bug that caused inhertited properties to sometimes not resolve correctly. (issue #144)

== Changes From Versions 1.4.0 to 2.0.0 ==

This is a list of changes you should be aware of when switching from versions 1 to 2.

=== New Features ===

Version 2 has several new features that make it more powerful than Version 1.

  * Upgraded included version of Rhino from 1.6 to 1.7R1.
  * Added ability to redefine parsing behavior with plugins.
  * Added @default to document default values of members that are objects.
  * Added ability to parse and refer to inner functions.
  * Added ability to automatically create links to other symbols.
  * New "jsdoc" template now produces fully W3C valid XHTML.
  * Inline parameter type hint comments are now documented.
  * It is now possible to run !JsDoc Toolkit from any directory.
  * Added support for inline {@link ...} tags.
  * Added support for the @constructs tag, used inside a @lends block.
  * Added support for the @constant tag.
  * Added support for the @field tag.
  * Added support for the @public tag (applied to inner functions).
  * Added support for the -s command line option to suppress source code output.
  * Added support for the -n command line option to suppress all source code parsing.
  * Added support for the nocode meta tag.
   
=== Improvements ===

Many long-standing issues have been improved in Version 2.

  * Removed circular references in parsed documentation objects.
  * Improved inheritance handling, now properties and events can be inherited same as methods.
  * Improved handling of cross-file relationships, now having two related objects in separate files is not a problem.
  * Improved ability to recognize membership of previously defined objects.
  * Fixed bug that appeared when calling a method to set properties of the instance referred to by "this".
  * Fixed error: Locally scoped variables (declared with var) no longer appear as global.
  * Multiple @lend tags now supported.
  * Fixed bug that prevented the use of [] as a default value.
  * @namespace tag can now be applied to functions, not just object literals.
  * Improved support for anonymous constructors.
  * Added new unit test framework.

=== API Changes ===

Not everything in Version 1 is forward compatible with version 2.

  * @inherits - Is now a synonym for @borrows. It requires a new syntax: `@borrows ... as ...`
  * @methodOf is a synonym for @function plus @memberOf.
  * Tag names @inherits and @scope changed to @borrows plus @lends.
  * Underscored symbols are now treated as if they have a @private tag by default.